Dr. Dismuke-Greer currently holds the position of Research Health Science Specialist in Health Economics Resource Center (HERC), Palo Alto VA Health System. Her primary academic appointment is in the Division of Internal Medicine, Department of Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC). Her expertise and interests include the clinical areas of Neurotrauma/Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), spinal cord injury (SCI), Multiple Sclerosis (MS), depression, diabetes, chronic kidney disease, lupus, fatty liver disease and substance abuse.
Her methodological areas include economic evaluation, statistical modeling, and analysis of vulnerable population disparities. She is currently funded on a VA/Department of Defense (DoD) Chronic Effects of Neurotrauma Consortium (CENC) project, a NIMH funded behavioral smart phone based intervention for disaster recovery, a NIDR funded grant on employment outcomes of individuals with physical disabilities, and a NINR funded grant to assess the efficacy of a peer-support intervention to improve outcomes for African American women with lupus. She is also funded on a VA HSR&D grant for a group motivation interviewing (GMI) intervention to improve retention in homeless programs, a VA HSR&D funded pharmacist intervention to improve medication safety in veterans with organ transplants, and a VA Office of Rural Health project to improve the clinical and economic outcomes of tele-ophthalmology for basic eye care. Dr. Dismuke-Greer has also conducted research and taught in a major university in Portugal, while collaborating with the Portuguese Ministry of Health. She has served as a research assistant on detail to the Chief of the VA Office of Health Equity, engaging in evaluation and policy-making to reduce inequity in health services and health outcomes among U.S. veterans. She has authored more than 50 peer-reviewed publications and book chapters.

