Dr. Mark McGovern is a Professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, and in the Department of Medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine. He is the Co-Chief of the Division of Public Mental Health and Population Sciences (Psychiatry) and Medical Director of Integrated Behavioral Health in the Division of Primary Care and Population Health (Medicine). Dr. McGovern is the Director of the Center for Behavioral Health Services and Implementation Research. His overarching goal is the to get the most effective treatments available to those who need them most. With nearly 25 years of continuous NIH and foundation funding, and using rigorous methods and metrics from implementation science, Dr. McGovern’s work focuses on two primary content areas: 1) Integrating behavioral health services—including mental health and addiction—in routine medical practice settings; and 2) Scaling up evidence-based interventions for addiction—particularly medications for opioid use disorders—across systems of care. Because implementation research in health care cuts across all disciplines and specialties, Dr. McGovern is actively engaged in mentoring other Stanford faculty, post-doctoral fellows, residents and students in the science of implementation. In his position at the Palo Alto VA, he serves as the Deputy Director of the HSRD Center for Innovation to Implementation. He is a Core Faculty at the NIH Implementation Research Institute and a standing member of the NIDA study section on Interventions for the Prevention and Treatment of Addiction.  
